Provide clear_* and clear_and_expect_* mock methods to enable clearing the expectations array for automock (#676)
asomers/mockall: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

> - Provide expectations clearing for automock.
>   Ex: Useful to configure a general mock behavior through a helper function,
>   and then specialize a single method by clearing it's initial behavior.
>   Partially addresses issue [#283](https://github.com/asomers/mockall/issues/283)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [ Unreleased ] - ReleaseDate

### Added

- Provide expectations clearing for a mock object's expectations.  Useful to configure general mock behavior through a helper function, and then specialize a single method by clearing it's initial behavior.
 ([#676](https://github.com/asomers/mockall/pull/676))
 
```
